Parameters to be investigated

0. Perhaps, we need to investigate on the use Histogram Matching of aerial imagery as a 
pre-processing to match with the corresponding Sentinel-2 imagery, while maintaining
the high frequency compoents of the aerial imagery.

https://github.com/microsoft/histmatch/blob/main/src/histmatch.py

1. "res": influences how the inference noisy image is generated, this variable should be set to False
to observe the difference as opposite to True.


2. Introducing gradient loss in addition to L1 loss gradient-based loss functions 
can improve diffusion models by enhancing their ability to capture fine details, 
improving convergence, and reducing artifacts. 
Here's how gradient-based losses can be integrated and their potential benefits:

1. Why Gradient-Based Losses?

Gradient-based losses focus on the spatial structure and edges in images by penalizing
 differences in the gradients (or derivatives) of the predicted and target images. 
 This is particularly useful for:

- Preserving fine details: Gradients emphasize edges and textures, which are often lost 
in standard pixel-wise losses like L1 or L2.

- Reducing blur: Pixel-wise losses tend to produce blurry results because they average 
over possible solutions, while gradient-based losses encourage sharper transitions.

- Improving perceptual quality: Gradient losses align better with human perception, 
which is sensitive to edges and structures.

Note that L1 loss only relies on pixel-wise differences and is not capable of capturing
fine-grained details, and other important aspects based on the content or style of the images.


3. Why do we need to normalize the input data between [-1, 1] for Diffusion Models?

Idea: the choice to use -1 to 1 has to do with the VAE, this is important
for cases where the output is also an image (e.g., for VAE of images). If I understand correctly the 
VAE was trained in such a way that the outputs of the encoder 
are normally distributed with a mean of 0 and truncated to between -1 and 1

In other words, for cases where the output must match the input, using [−1,1]
 may be a better choice.

4. Tips to improve the SR results:

4.1.  Fast Sampliong and High sample quality
Paper: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.01274

5. Should we condition the denoising model on the Sat full fledged features?
or the croppped features



